{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 i. Interest of content:\
The page on how Education has changed from rise of technology is interesting. It contains different subheadings about the aspects that have evolved and useful information about each of them. \
The other pages contain interesting features, like tick boxes and drop down boxes allowing the user to interact, which adds an extra element to the webpages. \
Maybe more content on different areas that have been impacted by computers on each page could improve it. \
\
ii. Consistency and quality of visual presentation \
It\'92s generally consistent across pages, I think an external web framework has been used rather than the stylesheet file. It\'92s linked to each of the pages to ensure consistency across all of them. It could maybe be further developed to change features like background colour or font family / style, to emphasis the fact that there is a consistent style being applied to all pages. \
\
iii. Quality of written presentation \
I think with further development of adding more ways technology has impacted the world, the quality of the written presentation could be improved. However, the page that does contain this is clear and well presented. \
\
iv. The HTML is valid throughout, with features being used as they should. \
\
v. There is evidence of collaboration, metadata on one page shows that a different author has added their name to someone else\'92s page. Also the consistency of the html across the pages suggest collaboration. The contributions seem balanced; each person has their own page they have worked on. }